Issue templates (#1460)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/feature_request.md

---
name: Feature request
about: Suggest a new feature
title: ''
labels: enhancement
assignees: ''

---

<!--

> Before posting a bug report

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before posting a feature request
```

> Search existing GitHub issues to make sure the issue does not already exist:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Search existing GitHub issues to make sure the feature request does not already exist:
```

https://github.com/xanaduai/pennylane/issues

For general technical details check out our documentation:
https://pennylane.readthedocs.io
-->

#### Feature request description

Description of the feature request - include code snippets or screenshots
showcasing the requested functionality here if possible. You may use the
following template.

> 

Reviewer 2: What about a section for **alternatives** and a section for **references**?

Author: Good idea, although I would reckon most users wouldn't necessarily have alternatives or specific references for their feature requests. Perhaps these could just be included in the sections below. I think it's good to keep this as simple as possible, but I'm happy to add more sections if that's beneficial. 🙂
